What are you doing?
I'm telling you, don't think I don't allow stories
You can touch my things and soldiers as you please.
I don't have one. It's a cup. Forget it, I can wash which one?
God’s heart, you don’t need to tell people apart by words.
Washing the cups is your own job.
How could I help you get a cup if you think it's okay?
That is, we have been in my office just now
i can do this
Buzhujian, this is Mr. Gu’s favorite cup
Yes, Mr. Gu is back
Just a broken cup
There is a water spirit that is sweet and sour
Brother Gu Xuan will wait until he is mature enough
affix a wound patch
Thank you for taking advantage of this spicy feeling
Gu Su's cup
I'm the one who makes sketching faster
You are a sketching program
Steal Brother Gu Xuan’s cup
So ready to watch
I have no choice
I still need to write down the money in cash
This is Sweet Thoughts Day
A cup for my brother
It’s quite cool to steal it
He even threw him
You know this cup is so important to you
Look, the cup is really not mine to hold.
It’s because we decide to be non-substantial
I saw you after taking the exam